Documentation: new "faq" section for the namespace offloading logic. (#780)
liqotech/liqo: docs/pages/User/Troubleshooting/NamespaceOffloading/index.md

---
title: Namespace Offloading
weight: 3
---

### What resources should you check if there are problems?

#### NamespaceOffloading resource

A **NamespaceOffloading** CRD is created in your local namespace (“***Liqo namespace***”).
Enter the Liqo namespace name in the following variable:

```bash
   NAMESPACE=<your-namespace>
   echo "Liqo namespace name: $NAMESPACE"
```
The resource status provides information about possible problems.

```bash
  kubectl get namespaceoffloading offloading -n $NAMESPACE -o yaml
```
There are 2 main status fields:

| Field                          | Description |
| --------------                 | ----------- |
| **offloadingPhase**            | Warns you if there is a problem during remote namespaces creation. (Error values: “***SomeFailed*** ”, “***AllFailed*** ”) |
| **remoteNamespacesConditions** | Shows you on which clusters there was a problem during namespace creation and why. (Condition **Ready** = “***False***”) |

> Look at the [NamespaceOffloading Status section](#) to observe in detail the values 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Look at the [NamespaceOffloading Status section](#) to observe the possible values for the above two variables.
```
